The Perennial: You can’t win the year if you do the same thing every single year. That’s like if the Golden State Warriors just stayed this good for the rest of eternity and won every single NBA championship ever. It’d be cool for a year or two, but then everyone would just be bored. Sorry Chancellor Mark Wrighton. Sorry Provost Holden Thorp. 

The Departed: You can’t win if you’re not there. Rembert Browne established this in the inaugural Grantland bracket. You may have a had a pretty damn good year, but if you were absent at the end of it, it’s going to be a net negative. So if you hit the road, you’re not in the bracket.
 
The Seedings: As with Rembert’s brackets, these seedings are objectively subjective. That means we as a staff picked who was going to be in the bracket, then outsourced the duties of seeding them to someone else. Who, you may ask? Why the only group on campus that is more reliable, more respected and knows more than us at Student Life. The tour guides!
 
We sampled a group of tour guides, asking them to rank each of our 32 entries from most likely to least likely to be mentioned on a tour. Yes, no self-respecting tour guide would mention half of these things on any tour, but that’s not the point of the game.
 
Basically what this boils down is a deference of blame. Mad that Anderson .Paak didn’t make the bracket? Go ahead and make angry posts on my Facebook wall. Mad that Anderson .Paak is an eighth seed? Go berate your local tour guide because I don’t want to hear it.
 
Now onto the fun stuff.
 
The Mentions: We wrote these down, sometimes because we were humoring someone’s bad idea, sometimes because they sounded funny, sometimes because it was 4 a.m., and we didn’t know any better.
 
Olin renovations, off-campus sorority rush, Bree Newsome, Justin Carroll (dean of fun), Invisible on Campus, the pre-orientation saga, Drake, new sociology department, fall fraternity rush, the Safe and Fair Campus Acts, the new Ursa’s sign, Greek Week, B.J. Novak, Bo Burnham
 
The Honorable Mentions: These were at one point in the bracket, then we thought of something better, and they weren’t in the bracket anymore. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
 
Don Strom, KWUR week and Anderson .Paak, Intervention training before fraternity formals, Clingwrap magazine, the craze over winter break of fake Facebook events, the savagery that was the Class of 2018 Facebook housing conflict, Dean Gupta stepping down, Wash U Confessions admin stepping down, a car crashing into Nemerov House
 
The Case against Ellen Page: She didn’t show up.
 
The Case against Choices becoming Bearings: Choices was better.
 
The Case against the Rams moving to Los Angeles: They’re honestly probably better off there, and Stan Kroenke is an abhorrent loser who doesn’t deserve any recognition even in the form of an unimportant college newspaper bracket.
 
The Case against Harry’s closing: Harry’s Restaurant & Bar was dear to us all. Harry’s was the lifeblood that kept the off-campus Wash. U. social life bumping. Harry’s was the learning curve that separated the good fakes from the bad. Harry’s was also a s---hole that needed to die.
 
Without further ado, your 2015-2016 contestants.
 
People
Lizzy Crist…the one in the net
Josh Whitman…the one who got a better job
Kenneth Sng…the one who wants to give the world a hug
Allison Zastrow…the one who’s just better
Zach Alter…the one who opened for CHERUB
Demitri Kavadas…the one who’s new on the block
John Lewis…the one who knew Martin Luther King Jr.
Lori White…the one who emails us frequently

Movements
Safety…the one that’s more than just blue lights
WUnderhouse…the one that’s sarcastic
Socioeconomic Diversity…the one that we don’t have
Decreasing ThurtenE facades…the one that bucks tradition
Adjuncts…the one that wants a living wage
Women on Campus…the one that’s fighting for recognition
College Activism…the one that’s fighting for safe spaces
The Flight of the Mozz Sticks…the one that’s fighting for late-night happiness
 
Entertainment
Fall 2015 WILD...the one from Sweden
The Tab…the one that heavily recruited
SU vs. SPB…the one that canceled WILD—or did it?
Spring 2016 WILD…the one that brings back memories
CHERUB at the Pageant…the one that killed the Gargoyle
Rugby going D1…the one that challenged Contra
Women’s soccer…the one that upset Messiah College
Sublime Literary Magazine…the one that had a naming contest
 
New Additions
Loop Trolley…the one that’s making Mission Taco unattainable
Gamma Phi Beta…the one that might be srat, might not be
Ruby Construction…the one that’s not actually called Ruby anymore
Presidential Debate…the one that gets scarier by the day
Alpha Delta Phi House…the one that makes Upper Row more literary
East End Expansion…the one that’s moving graduation
Uber in St. Louis…the one that’s getting us everywhere
WU People’s History…the one that’s disorienting
 
One last matter of business before we get to the actual matchups: the regions. Ever since 1976, when the trustees added “in St. Louis” to our name, high school seniors have been forced to choose between the official mouthful that is our University name or suffer in silence as friends, relatives and countrymen misplace the location of their undergraduate studies. To honor that new crop of seniors, each region will be named after the beginning of an oh-so-uncomfortable conversation: “is it in Seattle?,” “is it in D.C.?,” “is it in Virginia?” or “why St. Louis?”
 
Let the games begin.
-- Wesley Jenkins